done alright so this is one more
complicated thought so I'm going to
shoot a quick video to show you how this
works the first step is to have your
droid the second step is to get the
plug-in now the plug-in is the same one
that you use to plug it into the outlet
once you have the outlet plug in what
you want to do is take the USB a set USB
a USB side plug it into your computer
then after that take the other side plug
it into your phone like you would if you
were charging after you plugged it in in
both areas then what you want to do is
you want to unlock its going to say USB
a USB connect you want to trade on okay
so once my USB is connected just set the
phone aside come over to the computer
you want to have vampy mp3 file which I
have right here this is where it
currently is on my computer the next
thing I want to do is I want to come
over here and I want to click on the
windows icon scroll up to get to
computer go over here in your computer
section until you find the removable
disk which is your phone after you do
that what you want to do is you want to
come in here and this is the first time
you're uploading anything to your us to
your SD card on your phone we're going
to do is you're just going to right
click new and create a new folder in the
new folder you can name it whatever you
want i'm going to name it a mp3 once
you've named it mp3 then all you have to
do is basically drag and drop and so i'm
going to come over here i'm going to
pick any of them VIII's that i want to
put in just click on it and drag it into
the mp3 folder on your phone drop it
and then once you're done it's on your
phone you're good to go I'll the last
thing you need to do just to make sure
you activate it is coming over here to
your phone just unplug your phone turn
your phone on scroll across to unlock
and when you get here basically what you
need to do is scroll through all your
icons to find the one that says music
you should already have it pre-loaded on
your phone once you find the music icon
just click on it and go to playlist
recently added and you should have all
the mp3 player mp3 files that you put
into that folder into the phone that's
it good luck let me know if you need
help